README.md, before:

# BookShelf

This project allows a user to connect their wallet (Metamask) and add their favorite book(s) to the BookShelf! All book recommendations are publicly recorded to the Ethereum blockchain, with a 50% chance to win 0.0001 ETH. The BookPortal smart contract utilizes Chailink VRF for the generation of all random numbers.

## Try running some of the following tasks:

```shell
npx hardhat help
npx hardhat test
REPORT_GAS=true npx hardhat test
npx hardhat node
npx hardhat run scripts/deploy.js
```

## Running React on Repl.it

[React](https://reactjs.org/) is a popular JavaScript library for building user interfaces.

[Vite](https://vitejs.dev/) is a blazing fast frontend build tool that includes features like Hot Module Reloading (HMR), optimized builds, and TypeScript support out of the box.

Using the two in conjunction is one of the fastest ways to build a web app.

### Getting Started

-   Hit run
-   Edit [App.jsx](#src/App.jsx) and watch it live update!

By default, Replit runs the `dev` script, but you can configure it by changing the `run` field in the `.replit` file.

Commit message:

BookShelf front end adjustment and GH Pages deployment

README.md, after:

# BookShelf

This project allows a user to connect their wallet (Metamask) and add their favorite book(s) to the BookShelf! All book recommendations are publicly recorded to the Ethereum blockchain, with a 50% chance to win 0.0001 ETH. The BookShelf smart contract utilizes Chailink VRF for the generation of all random numbers.

## Run the following to get started

### Install and Setup

```shell
yarn install
```

-   Make sure you have a Metamask wallet funded with Goerli ETH, and update the .env file with respective RPC and Etherscan endpoint APIs.

### Deploy Contract

```shell
yarn hardhat run scripts/deploy.js --network goerli
```

### Deploy Front-end

For local host...

```shell
npm run start
```

### Fund deployed contract with test LINK

Head to [Chainlink Faucet](https://faucets.chain.link/) to add Goerli testnet LINK to your wallet, and send to the address of the deployed contract! 5+ LINK should do for inital use.

### Add a book!

Finally! Connect your wallet to the web app's front-end, add a book, and view it on the blockchain. Your submission should automatically update to the front-end as well!

Happy coding! 🥳
